claim cards extracted from built HTML: 10

RC1   term=OK   claim=OK   bound=DIFF
      bound similarity 0.993
        REG : ...ux release artifact; on macos cargo install aa-proxy is the ...
        SITE: ...ux release artifact; on macos a cargo install of aa-proxy is t...
        REG : ...ifact; on macos cargo install aa-proxy is the only route; on...
        SITE: ...act; on macos a cargo install of aa-proxy is the only route; on...
RC2   term=OK   claim=OK   bound=OK
RC3   term=OK   claim=OK   bound=DIFF
      bound similarity 0.867
        REG : ...three built-in hosts, because llm_only defaults on. the defaul...
        SITE: ...three built-in hosts, because payload inspection is limited to model-provider hosts ...
        REG : ...ee built-in hosts, because llm_only defaults on. the default act...
        SITE: ...ause payload inspection is limited to model-provider hosts by default. the default action ...
        REG : ...osts, because llm_only defaults on. the default action is redact...
        SITE: ...odel-provider hosts by default. the default action is redact...
RC4   term=OK   claim=OK   bound=OK
RC5   term=OK   claim=OK   bound=DIFF
      bound similarity 0.986
        REG : ...osed but requires an explicit wraptools. node's default mode...
        SITE: ...osed but requires an explicit call to wrap the tools. node's default...
        REG : ... but requires an explicit wraptools. node's default mode rou...
        SITE: ...uires an explicit call to wrap the tools. node's default mode rou...
RC6   term=OK   claim=OK   bound=DIFF
      bound similarity 0.170
        REG : ...ens when the write fails, and it carries coverage: unmeasured, failure_po...
        SITE: ...ens when the write fails, and that row records the case as unmeasured and fail-open. everything else about the chain...
        REG : ...te fails, and it carries coverage: unmeasured, failure_postur...
        SITE: ...unmeasured and fail-open. everything else about the chain is a bo...
        REG : ... fails, and it carries coverage: unmeasured, failure_posture:...
        SITE: ...ured and fail-open. everything else about the chain is a bound, not a capability: it is tamper-evident, not im...
        REG : ...ils, and it carries coverage: unmeasured, failure_posture: fail_open a...
        SITE: ...is a bound, not a capability: it is tamper-evident, not immutable and not signed...
        REG : ...carries coverage: unmeasured, failure_posture: fail_open and evidence: gap. so the honest te...
        SITE: ...bility: it is tamper-evident, not immutable and not signed — an unkeyed digest, so anyone able to rewrite the sink can recompute it. the chain head advances before the send and a f...
        REG : ...lure_posture: fail_open and evidence: gap. so the honest term is the...
        SITE: ...compute it. the chain head advances before the send and a full channel drops the entry while the call still returns, which makes a dropped entry indistinguishable from a deleted one. ...
        REG : ...ure: fail_open and evidence: gap. so the honest term is the ro...
        SITE: ...akes a dropped entry indistinguishable from a deleted one. an emptied log verifies clea...
        REG : ... fail_open and evidence: gap. so the honest term is the row's own. everything else about the c...
        SITE: ...guishable from a deleted one. an emptied log verifies clean. the proxy writes no local r...
        REG : ...honest term is the row's own. everything else about the chain is a bo...
        SITE: ...n emptied log verifies clean. the proxy writes no local record at all unless its audit path is configured...
        REG : ...m is the row's own. everything else about the chain is a bound, not a capability: it is tamper-evident, not immutable and not signed — an unkeyed digest, so anyone able to rewrite the sink can recompute it. the chain head advances before the send and a full channel drops the entry while the call still returns, which makes a dropped entry indistinguishable from a deleted one. an emptied log verifies clean. the proxy writes no local record at all unless its audit path is configured. see the two gaps...
        SITE: ...nless its audit path is configured...
RC10  term=OK   claim=OK   bound=DIFF
      bound similarity 0.995
        REG : ...term. one row reaches it, for ebpf load or attach failure. t...
        SITE: ...term. one row reaches it, for an ebpf load or attach failure. t...
RC11  term=OK   claim=OK   bound=OK
RC13  term=OK   claim=OK   bound=DIFF
      bound similarity 0.018
        REG : ...same shape as rc6, and the same ...
        SITE: ...the manifest's only budget row is ...
        REG : ...same shape as rc6, and the same remedy. the man...
        SITE: ...the manifest's only budget row is the one for a store that is unreadable or corrupt, recorded as unmeasured and s...
        REG : ...same shape as rc6, and the same remedy. the manifest's only...
        SITE: ...hat is unreadable or corrupt, recorded as unmeasured and silently fail-ope...
        REG : ...ame shape as rc6, and the same remedy. the manifest's only budget ...
        SITE: ...e or corrupt, recorded as unmeasured and silently fail-open, and its gap reaso...
        REG : ...pe as rc6, and the same remedy. the manifest's only budget r...
        SITE: ...ded as unmeasured and silently fail-open, and its gap reason records a positive control showing the budget path never queries the control-plane store. what is bounded regardless: ...
        REG : ... as rc6, and the same remedy. the manifest's only budget row is the ...
        SITE: ...ries the control-plane store. what is bounded regardless: a cap exists only where a policy declares one, an undeclared budget is uncapped, reaching a refusal needs a caller that wait...
        REG : ...and the same remedy. the manifest's only budget row is the one for a...
        SITE: ...et is uncapped, reaching a refusal needs a caller that waits for the answer, and a corrupt store resets the cap to zero spend silently...
        REG : ...me remedy. the manifest's only budget row is the one for a store that is unreadable or corrupt, carrying coverage: unmeasured, failure_posture: fail_open_silent and evidence: gap — its gap reason records a positive control showing the budget path never queries the control-plane store. risk scenarios's t3 reaches evaluated and states in the same table that it has no positive row; this register does not restate t3's term over a row that does not carry it. what is bounded regardless: a cap exists only where a policy declares one, an undeclared budget is uncapped, reaching denied before execution needs a caller that waits for the answer, and a corrupt store resets the cap to zero spend silently. see the two gaps...
        SITE: ...the cap to zero spend silently...
RC15  term=OK   claim=OK   bound=DIFF
      bound similarity 0.815
        REG : ...iling the handshake silently. aasm run --no-proxy is an announc...
        SITE: ...iling the handshake silently. running the launch with the no-proxy flag is an announced bypass. an unmanaged launch is a bypass and...
        REG : ...g the handshake silently. aasm run --no-proxy is an announced bypass. an unmanaged launch is a bypass and is not detectable...
        SITE: ...is an announced bypass. an unmanaged launch is a bypass and is not detectable...

total field mismatches: 7
